feat(docs): add how-to-guide on webhook ee (#1541)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/15.how-to-guides/webhooks.md

With this information, you can test your flow by running the following command in the terminal to trigger the flow:

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/api/v1/executions/webhook/company.team/webhook_example/1KERKzRQZSMtLdMdNI7Nkr
```

## Webhooks in Kestra EE

> Let us leverage Kestra Secrets to store the webhook key. From the left navigation menu on the Kestra UI, navigate to `Namespaces`. Click on the namespace under which you want to create the flow with the webhook trigger. We will use `company.team` namespace for this example. On the corresponding namespace page, navigate to the `Secrets` tab. Click on `New secret` button at the top, and create a new secret with `Key` as `WEBHOOK_KEY` (you may choose any appropriate name) and `Secret` as the webhook key value. Let us use `1KERKzRQZSMtLdMdNI7Nkr` for this example. Save the secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us leverage Kestra Secrets to store the webhook key. From the left navigation menu on the Kestra UI, navigate to `Namespaces`. Click on the namespace under which you want to create the flow with the webhook trigger. We will use `company.team` namespace for this example. On the corresponding namespace page, navigate to the `Secrets` tab. Click on the `New secret` button at the top, and create a new secret with `Key` as `WEBHOOK_KEY` (you may choose any appropriate name) and `Secret` as the webhook key value. Let us use `1KERKzRQZSMtLdMdNI7Nkr` for this example. Once you've done that, save the secret.
```

![navigate_to_secrets](/docs/how-to-guides/webhooks/navigate_to_secrets.png)

![assign_secret_value](/docs/how-to-guides/webhooks/assign_secret_value.png)

> Now, we will create the flow in the same namespace under which we have defined the `WEBHOOK_KEY` secret. The flow will use the webhook trigger, and will be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we will create the flow in the same namespace under which we have defined the `WEBHOOK_KEY` secret. The flow will use the webhook trigger, like this:
```

```yaml file=public/examples/flows_webhook_ee.yml
```

Note that in the `triggers` section of the flow, we have referenced the secret in the `key` as `{{ secret('WEBHOOK_KEY') }}` instead of directly putting in the webhook key.

The format of the Webhook URL follows:

`https://{your_hostname}/api/v1/{tenant_id}/executions/webhook/{namespace}/{flow_id}/{key}`
where:
- `your_hostname` is the domain or IP of your server, e.g. example.com
- `tenant_id` is the tenant ID belonging to your Kestra EE account

> - `namespace` is `io.kestra.demo.flows``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `namespace` is `company.team``
```
